# I24M_improvement_tracker
- - -
This repository is intended to track data improvements, requests, questions, issues, and oddities for I-24 MOTION data products. [Create an issue here.](https://github.com/I24-MOTION/I24M_improvement_tracker/issues) The I-24 MOTION team is aware of known issues with version 1.0.0 of the public data, which are also described in the system article and data documentation. These issues are being actively addressed and you can expect enhancements to the data as successive versions of the data are released. Even with the known issues, we hope that you will find the data contains very rich information on the behavior of traffic waves and other traffic phenomena in its current form.

I-24 MOTION is an open-road traffic science instrument and testbed located on Interstate 24 in southeast Nashville, TN, USA. The system uses 294 cameras and a cluster of data processing hardware and software to produce anonymized trajectories for all vehicles on the roadway. The project data is free to download from the [project website](https://i24motion.org) and its documentation is available at [I-24 MOTION Data Documentation repository](https://github.com/I24-MOTION/I24M_documentation).

As the data processing for the system improves, new data will be assigned an updated version number. Tagged datasets (e.g., the initial "INCEPTION" dataset released by the project) may be re-processed and updated to new data versions. While backwards compatibility of the data, documentation, and software tools may not be maintained, prior versions of documentation and tools will be available in this repository and others in [the I-24 MOTION Github Organization](https://github.com/I24-MOTION). Questions and issues in this repository regarding prior versions of the data may be closed upon their resolution.

This respository and the data it references are brought to you by the I-24 MOTION team at Vanderbilt University, in addition to project partners at the Tennessee Department of Transportation and Gresham Smith. The full team listing can be found [here](https://i24motion.org/team). Data and software contributions were principally made, and continue, by (in alphabetical order) William Barbour, Derek Gloudemans, Junyi Ji, Yanbing Wang, and Gergely Zachár. Many others contributed in countless ways to make the project possible. Please refer to the project website if you would like to get connected with the team.

